and one more thing if you watch this
show with any kind of regularity you
know we do little commercials before the
show starts we call them integrations
usually they start DMO or me sometimes
both of us but every once in a while
we'll use my aunt shipping and chippy
works here at the show but she doesn't
really like to work here at the show you
she likes to be paid and left alone so
we decided to pull a little prank on her
we told my aunt chippy she'd be starring
in an ad for a new video game and that
we needed her to get in one of those
skin type motion capture suits you know
they um and once we had her in the suit
that's when the fun began to begin
nobody would be forgiven for this
nobody we're putting you into a video
game so you need to imagine that that
tennis ball is a little bird your first
line is come on pinky let's play ninja
bird boggle battle from white-box ninja
bird bongo battle from lightbox lots of
energy big smile action come on pinky
let's go play bingo bango from what
ninja bird boggle battle is it so hard
for you to get somebody to write it on a
big freakin piece of board and I'll get
it right and I'm getting it all the way
okay here we go
so you can look at the cue card this
time you ready what are you just being
like the freakin we're going to
imagine that you're being shot by laser
beams action
imagine should be imagined I don't think
you're imagining those beans mmm
we're gonna throw balls at you that you
can really dodge hard but those hard
balls at me you know the audience isn't
gonna see them anyway so if it does hurt
it doesn't matter
I am someday going to beat don't believe
the gobbles at all
Fred you got what you got
you said battling turkey got the wrong
person for this job
no you're gonna get me to go get her to
do this job without the hypocrisy
because I can't you hear some lines that
the client wants okay action
Daymond what does it gave him when I die
if you just do it right we would get out
of here faster you know I don't like
your attitude
action ninja bird get you on the feet
and sometimes in the air times run it
out okay times right now come on or less
what's our last lines join the complete
world of ninja babble Turkish bath
whatever the holidays get me out of here
you gotta rest no not a rap rap we have
to go oh my god oh my god Jimmy I hope
you burn up looking balls in hell
any adventure go on a deep-sea adventure
what that was I supposed to say and fly
to distant planets the completely
made-up interactive world of ninja bird
bongo battle never coming to any game
platform ever
very well done